Add docs for system and API pages (#29187)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/software_catalog/service_definitions/v3-0.md

- `links`, `contacts`, and `description`, and `tags` are now under metadata
- `application` has been enhanced to become its own kind: `system`. It no longer exists as a discrete field on a service

## System and API Pages in Software Catalog

> Defining entities of kind: `system` and kind: `api` create hierarchical groupings of entities including services, queues, datastores, and endpoints. To define components within a system or API, you can specy values for the `components` key in the `spec` field of the entity's v3 definition. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining entities of `kind:system` and `kind:api` creates hierarchical groupings of entities including services, queues, datastores, and endpoints. To define components within a system or API, you can specify values for the `components` key in the `spec` field of the entity's v3 definition. 
```

Example YAML for `kind:system`:
{{< code-block lang="yaml" filename="entity.datadog.yaml" collapsible="true" >}}
apiVersion: v3
kind: system
metadata:
  name: product-recommendation
  description: Surfaces personalized product suggestions in Shopist
  displayName: "Product Recommendation"
  tags:
  - product:recommendations
  - business-line:shared-components
  owner: shopist
  additionalOwners:
    - name: Shopist Support Team
      type: Operator
spec:
  lifecycle: production
  tier: "0"
  components:
  - service: product-recommendation
  - service: orders-app
  - api: products
  - system: shopist-user-trends
{{< /code-block >}}

> The user-defined system above will then appear in Software Catalog as shown below. This page holds relationship data of components between the system and upstream/downstream dependencies as well as scorecards, logs, and events aggregated across all components of the system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user-defined system above appears in Software Catalog as shown below. This page holds relationship data of components between the system and upstream/downstream dependencies as well as scorecards, logs, and events aggregated across all system components. 
```

   }
 },
 "spec": {
   "type": "openapi",
   "implementedBy": [
     "service:payment",
     "service:payments-go"
   ],
   "interface": {
     "definition": {
       "info": {
         "title": "Payments"
       },
       "openapi": "3.0.0",
       "paths": {
         "/add_item": {
           "post": {
             "responses": {
               "200": {
                 "description": "OK"
               }
             }
           }
         },
         "/add_purchases": {
           "post": {
             "responses": {
               "200": {
                 "description": "OK"
               }
             }
           }
         },
         "/admin/update_user": {
           "post": {
             "responses": {
               "200": {
                 "description": "OK"
               }
             }
           }
         },
         "/carts": {
           "get": {
             "responses": {
               "200": {
                 "description": "OK"
               }
             }
           }
         }
       }
     }
   },
   "lifecycle": "production",
   "tier": "Tier 0"
 }
}
{{< /code-block >}}

> The user-defined API will then appear in Software Catalog as shown below. This page holds relationship data of how the API interacts with dependencies, the components of the API, an OpenAPI preview, and logs and events aggregated across all endpoints. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user-defined API appears in Software Catalog as shown below. This page holds relationship data of how the API interacts with dependencies, the API components, an OpenAPI preview, and logs and events aggregated across all endpoints. 
```
